hey everyone
um
I just want to preface this
is not an April Fool's Day video
um
bad timing
but it's not an April Fool's Day video
we just got
um our lowest
patreon payout in
well over a year and by a lot
um
like less than half
of uh
of what of what we usually get a month
this uh kind of
coinciding with
the YouTube video is doing
not great in general a year ago
um most videos we're doing about 300 000
views
um now we're very lucky if we can get to
000 usually they're not even Crossing
there YouTube has started
uh hitting a lot some of our videos with
18 plus
ratings which basically kill the video
dead there's
it's just it's just dead and there's you
know
always the uh
the pain in the butt of uh people not
getting notified when videos come out
and stuff like that which is
we've kind of gotten used to that but
there was always uh the patreon as this
sort of
not backup but this this uh bedrock
that we had where we knew that even if
YouTube was you know
being a dick uh
our patrons were still there
and it
now it looks like maybe not
um this
month we got less than half of our worst
month
in the past year
um
it was or no mid-2021
since we've seen numbers this low
um
and because YouTube is you know not
sending the videos out and our views are
way down we're not getting a whole lot
of AD Revenue
um and now with this huge drop in uh in
patreon numbers
uh Patron income the the patron numbers
seem to be the same as usual but the the
income is way down so I'm assuming a lot
of patrons have had to uh reduce their
pledges
um for you know financial reasons that's
completely understandable
but uh
with with the amount that came in this
month
um
I don't know if we'll be able to
continue with the channel
um
there's just not enough
there to pay bills and for uh for Nick
and I
especially living you know we live we
don't live together now we live apart
and so
um we're not roommates anymore and so
it uh
and and Nick is you know if you don't
know Nick is uh a writer and
co-producer on on the videos
and uh
if if the patreon numbers
um
stay like that then it's we can't really
I don't think we can keep going which
really sucks
um we had a bunch of plans
um well we had a bunch of plans
specifically for patrons there's a video
coming out
uh supposed to come out later
uh was supposed to come out next weekend
um
and uh there's gonna be a a whole other
version of it just for patrons doing
more things like watchalongs where we
get to interact with the patrons and
watch movies and stuff like that we've
been trying to do more stuff like that
kind of make it worth being a patron
um but like video wise we have a bunch
of stuff
planned
um
but I don't know if um
if that's going to be possible
um
I've really really enjoyed this last
year
where uh we we really had a really solid
bedrock with patrons
um I'm not sure if we've done something
what it might be
um but uh
with YouTube being the way it is and if
patrons
if the patreon stays this low I don't
think um
I don't think the channel will be long
for this world
um as it sounds so dramatic
um but yeah we're we won't be able to
focus on videos we won't be able to do
videos anymore I've loved doing this so
much this is
when things got really if you follow me
on Twitter and stuff like that you know
things got really really dark for me in
December and uh
it was being you know
being able to make videos that that kind
of drew me back out of that
and so I'm really gonna miss that so I
hope
I'm sorry I hope that uh
maybe something works out but if things
stay the way they are
um so I just wanted to put this out
there
uh
just so that you know in case the
channel goes quiet
that so that you you know why
um
hopefully something works out and we can
keep doing this
because I love making these videos I
love making
especially the educational videos the
historical videos I love making the
video essays where you know we get to
talk about smart stuff and I can
go all crazy with cinematography and
sets and lighting and stuff like that
and it just it's
like I I know it's
it's so corny and stupid but I got I
love my job
and
it really suck
it would really suck
if uh if I couldn't do this anymore
but I hope hopefully something works out
but um
yeah I I just it was like a
kicking the teeth
seeing seeing those numbers because
that's
that's not even being able to being able
for Nick and I to pay our rent
um
so we're gonna we're in a bad spot
but um
uh for everyone who is a patron and has
been a patron I want to thank you
um and everyone who watches the channel
the videos on the channel and shares
them and everything I want to thank you
too you've been amazing and hopefully
hopefully something works out and we can
keep going
um
but if not I just want you to know that
I really appreciated
uh you giving me the ability to do this
for as long as I have
um